Let's take a quick high-level look at
the history of computer systems and the need to defend them.
World War II generated probably
the largest explosion of technical innovation in history to that point.
Not just in the form of weapons,
but also in code machines and computers to crack those codes.
Fast-forward to the 1960s,
and many universities have computers and have begun offering time on them where students,
and occasionally the public can utilize the services.
This is where Bill Gates and Paul Allen were first introduced to computers.
Also in the 1960s,
the US government began working on networking these universities,
creating the first Internet known as ARPANET.
The 1980's introduced the first roll-out of commercial Internet.
This would begin modern networking as we know it,
as well as the new field of information security,
also known as cybersecurity.
The 1990s brought us several advancements,
the rise of computers at home with Microsoft Windows 95 and 98,
the rollout of high-speed at that time,
Internet to businesses and dial up to homes.
Cell phones became more commonplace and the first commercial firewall was sold.
The first decade of the 2000s brought both wireless and high-speed Internet to homes,
and smartphones to our pockets.
It was during this decade,
e-mail phishing exploded in prevalence and hacking became an industry in itself.